W-14659026-SFDC-Bridge-se (#359)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-manager-release-notes.adoc

| Republishing a process to Anypoint Exchange now updates the asset's description. | W-11865540
| Deleting a test plan in a process' test phase no longer revokes all other test plans. | W-14665127
| You can now remove a user from a process' test plan in the test phase. | W-14666270

> | The *Bots* tab in a scheduled or invocable run configuration now shows tooltips while hovering the indicator preceding the RPA Bot's name. | W-14686687

Reviewer: Required now

```suggestion
| The *Bots* tab in a scheduled or invocable run configuration now shows tooltips while you hover over the indicator that precedes the RPA Bot's name. | W-14686687
```

[%header,cols="2a,1a"]
|===
|Issue Resolution |ID

> | RPA Manager no longer includes the _userName_ and _password_ fields for the _AWS Credentials_ type in the OpenAPI Specification (OAS) when you publish an invocable run configuration to Anypoint Exchange. | W-12141693

Reviewer: Our style is to bold for UI elements (assuming the fields are in the UI.) However, if the RPA docs have been using backticks, you should keep it consistent for now.

Author: References the OAS, not a UI element -> not changed.
